#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --all-extras --output-file=requirements-dev.txt pyproject.toml
#
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-browser-reload
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-htmx
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
brotli==1.1.0
    # via whitenoise
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
coverage==7.3.2
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
crispy-tailwind==0.5.0
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
cryptography==41.0.5
    # via
    #   types-pyopenssl
    #   types-redis
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipdb
    #   ipython
distro==1.8.0
    # via openai
dj-database-url==2.1.0
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
django==4.2.7
    # via
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-browser-reload
    #   django-ckeditor
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-htmx
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-storages
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   website (pyproject.toml)
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via django-image-cropping
django-browser-reload==1.12.1
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
django-ckeditor==6.7.0
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
django-crispy-forms==2.1
    # via
    #   crispy-tailwind
    #   website (pyproject.toml)
django-debug-toolbar==4.2.0
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
django-filter==23.3
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
django-filter-stubs==0.1.3
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
django-htmx==1.17.2
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
django-image-cropping==1.7
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
django-js-asset==2.1.0
    # via django-ckeditor
django-restframework==0.0.1
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
django-robots==6.1
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
django-rosetta==0.9.9
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
django-storages[google]==1.14.2
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
django-stubs[compatible-mypy]==4.2.6
    # via
    #   django-filter-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   website (pyproject.toml)
django-stubs-ext==4.2.5
    # via django-stubs
djangorestframework-stubs==3.14.4
    # via django-filter-stubs
easy-thumbnails==2.8.5
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
execnet==2.0.2
    # via pytest-xdist
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via
    #   types-factory-boy
    #   website (pyproject.toml)
faker==20.0.3
    # via factory-boy
gevent==23.9.1
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
google-api-core==2.14.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.23.4
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==2.3.3
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.13.0
    # via django-storages
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.6.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.61.0
    # via google-api-core
greenlet==3.0.1
    # via gevent
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.2
    # via httpx
httpx==0.25.1
    # via openai
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipdb==0.13.13
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
ipython==8.17.2
    # via
    #   ipdb
    #   website (pyproject.toml)
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
markdown==3.5.1
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via ipython
multidict==6.0.4
    # via yarl
mypy==1.6.1
    # via
    #   django-filter-stubs
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   website (pyproject.toml)
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via mypy
openai==1.3.3
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   gunicorn
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-sugar
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.1.0
    # via
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   website (pyproject.toml)
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
polib==1.2.0
    # via django-rosetta
prompt-toolkit==3.0.41
    # via ipython
protobuf==4.25.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.5.1
    # via openai
pydantic-core==2.14.3
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.17.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   website (pyproject.toml)
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-recording
    #   pytest-sugar
    #   pytest-xdist
    #   website (pyproject.toml)
pytest-django==4.7.0
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
pytest-mock==3.12.0
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
pytest-recording==0.13.0
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
pytest-sugar==0.9.7
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
pytest-xdist==3.4.0
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via faker
python-decouple==3.8
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via vcrpy
redis==5.0.1
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   django-rosetta
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   website (pyproject.toml)
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
sentry-sdk[django]==1.35.0
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via pytest-sugar
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via openai
traitlets==5.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
types-beautifulsoup4==4.12.0.7
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
types-docutils==0.20.0.3
    # via types-pygments
types-factory-boy==0.4.1
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
types-html5lib==1.1.11.15
    # via types-beautifulsoup4
types-pygments==2.16.0.1
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
types-pyopenssl==23.3.0.0
    # via types-redis
types-pytz==2023.3.1.1
    # via django-stubs
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.12
    # via
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
types-redis==4.6.0.10
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
types-requests==2.31.0.10
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   website (pyproject.toml)
types-setuptools==68.2.0.1
    # via types-pygments
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-filter-stubs
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   mypy
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   types-factory-boy
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   types-requests
vcrpy==5.1.0
    # via pytest-recording
wcwidth==0.2.10
    # via prompt-toolkit
whitenoise[brotli]==6.6.0
    # via website (pyproject.toml)
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via vcrpy
yarl==1.9.2
    # via vcrpy
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==6.1
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
